like pick a man bring your kit I hoped
today might be a good day hope is a
dangerous thing you have a brother in
the second Battalion yes sir they're
walking into a trap
your orders are to deliver a message
calling off tomorrow morning's attack
if you fail it will be a massacre let's
talk about this rumor that's why
we've got August across here that is the
German frontline if we're not clever
about this no one will get to your
brother
Oh will
[Music]
there's only one way this ends
Last Man Standing
[Music]
we need to keep moving come on
possibly making that wait on you buddy
insane
[Music]
if you don't get there in time
we will lose 1,600 men your brother
among them good luck
[Music]